we cannot change the datatype of a variable when we reassign a value to it.
here curly braces will be after the condition and not in the next line
there will only be one package main in a folder
there will only be one func main() in go file this func should be where we import the package
the variable name should not contain the punctuation marks, should not start with digit or underscore
standard naming convention for variables in golang is giving such names that reflect the actual meaning of what the variable will do
use import and package file path to use the function of a particular package in main file 
go varibles can be reassigned but with value of same datatype
go datatypes:
int, float64, bool,string,rune
default values- 0, 0.0, false,"",""
import reflect and use TypeOf function to check the type of variable
for accessing any function of another package in main func use packagename.funcname
to convert stirng into an integer import strconv and use Atoi(ascii to integer) function Itoa(integer to asciii)
to convert to float use ParseFLoat
var Args []string //this args is a string slice which can store multiple string values. HERE STRING VALUES CAN BE ACCESSED USING INDEXING
	//here args is a variable and it stores command line arguments and its path-->here import os to use this
Atoi takes two arguments first the string to be converted and second error
Itoa takes only one argument i.e. int 

//fmt is a Go package that is used to format basic strings, values, inputs, and outputs. It can also be used to print and write from the terminal. Additionally, Go has formats called verbs. A verb is a placeholder for a named value to be formatted.

Let’s take a look at some of them:

%v represents the named value in its default format
%T represents the type of the value
%d expects value to be an integer type of base 10
%b expects value to be an integer type of base 2
%s the bytes of string or slice
%f expects value to have a float type
length of string or variable use array= len()

raw string literal= ``- this doesn't process the data in string
len() function only counts bytes in a string. when we are working with non english characters which take up more no. of bytes it is not convenient to use len.
For doing so, import unicode/utf-8 package and use RuneCountInString
All string literals are utf-8 encoded but values are not. so when we use len() function it will only give us total no. of bytes
use iota in const declaration. it works as auto-incrementing numbers. iota starts form 0 and then the succeeding const values will have incremented values
nil means a vlaue is not initialized yet
nil means there is no error
duplicate case conditions in switch not allowed and go adds break statements to the switch case automatically
there is only one default statement in switch and order doesn't matter
switch case by default condition is true
strings.Fields splits the string based on whitespace and convert it into a slice of string
rand package implements pseudo random number generators
Intn produces a random number integer between a range [0,n)--non negative
Unix returns the time in seconds as int64 value, UnixNano in nanoseconds
the replace method in string takes four parameters string in which the replacement is need to be done, word to be replace, replaced word, and no. of occurences to change, if no.
of occurences <0 then all change
runes are unicodes that represent characters
import time and use time.Now().Year()/MonthDayHourSecondMinute
panics are just used for error handling
lexar in golang checks or validates whether the grammar of code is correct. Prior to compilation it checks the syntax of code
in golang slices ar emore used than arrays. slices are just under the hood arrays. when arrays get some abstraction
and more features they become slices.
while decalring slices you don't need to define the size unlike arrays
in slice append(slicename, values) appends values
-->but append(slciename[startval,endval]) gives a slice from slice
two ways to allocate memory in golang-->new() and make()
hence you cannot append in array becoz it has fixed size
here the size of array not defined so its a slice and use append in slice only
/here using make we cane use append--this make reallocates the memory
in slice we can use sort method to sort the slice. we cant use this in array
here if slice is bydefault sorted then also it will give true
structs are alternate version of classes
to access individual values wirte the varname.Fieldname in structs
syntax-->type stname struct-->name with first capital letter then in curly brace fieldnames and their types 
maps use key-values store
Keep first letter capital in name of structs
main() acts as a entry point for your program
cannot define function inside a function in golang
taking multiple arguments in function using slice--->(slicename ...type)
after arguments write the return type in function-->ex. (int,string)